c:\users\mohannad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BridgeMiles\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports\bin\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports.dll.config
c:\users\mohannad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BridgeMiles\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports\bin\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports.dll
c:\users\mohannad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BridgeMiles\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports\bin\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports.pdb
c:\users\mohannad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BridgeMiles\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\mohannad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BridgeMiles\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\mohannad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BridgeMiles\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\mohannad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BridgeMiles\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\mohannad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BridgeMiles\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\mohannad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BridgeMiles\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\mohannad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BridgeMiles\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\mohannad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BridgeMiles\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\mohannad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BridgeMiles\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\mohannad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BridgeMiles\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\mohannad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BridgeMiles\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\mohannad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BridgeMiles\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\mohannad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BridgeMiles\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\mohannad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BridgeMiles\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\mohannad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BridgeMiles\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\mohannad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BridgeMiles\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports\obj\Debug\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\mohannad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BridgeMiles\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports\obj\Debug\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports.dll
c:\users\mohannad\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BridgeMiles\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports\obj\Debug\BridgeMiles.Feature.Reports.pdb
